Now, let us look at in direct and indirect that there may be more than one function and they are calling
one another in a circular fashion, so that if the first function called second one and the second call,
code one and the third one again called back first function, then it becomes a cycle, third becomes
the recursion.
Let's suppose that is a function A and the function is calling function B and the function B calling
function C and C's calling again.
So so instead of a function calling itself here function, calling another function and it's calling
another function and Dax's calling it so it's becoming a cycle.
It becomes.
So here I have a skeleton for showing you are indirectly caution.
Here is function A function E isn't having some condition and the condition is satisfied.
It is calling function B and the function B, there is some condition.
If it is satisfied, it is calling function A..
So from here it is calling B and then B calling A, so it becomes indirectly records here.
B's call would reduce the value of and again is called with some more reduced values often.
So they are calling each other.
At one point they stop.
If the condition fails, if any one function stops, then it will return back to the first starting
call.
To explain how this work, I have set of functions as an example here, these are an indirect recursion.
So let me try this with an example and let us trace this example.
So, first of all, I really don't see this as a function A.
I'm taking parameter, and if it is greater than zero, then it is printing and then calling function
B by and minus one, this function B if anything greater than one, then it is printing and calling
function A. by passing and the bitou.
So I'll start this by calling function F first letter C function E is called for value.
Pretty little strings.
This one function is taking trends parameter pretty zero.
Then it has to perform two things that are predictive value and all function B by passing and minus
one.
So function they will be calling B by passing in minus one.
So the first thing it will bring to point B and it will call function B.
By passing 19.
Now, what function beat us function B, if N is greater than one, that it will print and call function
by passing and by two so two step father first print and then all function by half off.
And so this is function B, so it will print the 19 and it will call function A..
By passing 19 by two nine.
So, again, control goes back to function, a function age, the argument, and, you know, well,
that is sprinting and calling be Sprints nine and Colbie bypassing.
And minus one, that is nine, minus one, that is eight.
Now it is back on function B, function B, print and call A by half of this one.
So print age and call fun of it by passing half of that is in my trophy.
So sort of for cognitive function, a function in print and call the principal and call B by passing
four minus one, that is A three function B and is greater than one.
Yes, three is better than one print and call function E so 3d printed and call function E but passing
one that is three by two or just integer division.
We are doing integer division here, not a it will print one and B function B bypassing zero.
Function B is greater than zero.
It works.
Otherwise it stops because and as the zero now so it will not enter inside, it will determine what
the function terminates that goes back to function A and B, then A and B and then B a third goes back.
And the starting point and the function calls and the output will be 20, 19, nine, eight, four,
three and one.
So that's all about agriculture and I have just taken the sample program to demonstrate how indirect
requestion works and what does it mean?